Yo, I just cooked up a fully functional
SAS with Oth payments and a real
database in 10 minutes. I'm not talking
about some janky prototype here. This is
a real app that can literally make money
right now. This is like payment gated
features and everything. Let me show you
this insane stack that makes everything
possible. Look, I was an engineer at
Apple for over a decade. Setting up O
plus Stripe payments used to be this
whole nightmare. Web hooks, security,
and all that craziness, right? It would
take me weeks. But check this out. I
found a specific combo of tools that's
absolutely fire. By the end of this
video, you'll have the exact template
that you can literally start collecting
money with today. Like for real, for
real. So, here's what we cooking with.
First, I'm going to show you a three
tool stack that's basically a cheat code
for SAS. Make sure you don't tell
anybody. Then, we're going to clone this
template that already has everything
configured, like it's already done for
you. And boom, we connect everything.
So, you'll have payments working in
under 10 minutes. And this is our
speedrun to the three comma club, baby.
Let's go. We say create new repository.
The repository name is going to be uh
three commas. Yeah, you know what I
mean. If you three comma club, y'all
trying to hit that. I'm trying to hit
that for sure. So, we hit three commas
here. And then we're just going to go
ahead and say create repository. And
what it does is basically it clones the
repository in GitHub for you. Now, it's
all set up with the initial commits and
everything. So, we're basically just
ready to go. And then in terminal, I
like to create a thing called like a
workspace. So I cd workspace and then
get clone and then just we're just going
to clone our three our billion dollar
SAS. Just like that. So boom, everything
is downloaded. We're good to go. If you
have cursor installed, which is what I
do, you're just going to type in cursor
cursor and then the name of the project.
So three and then you hit tab uh cuz I
don't have anything named three commas.
And then it'll just show you that type
of thing and hit enter. And basically
cursor is going to pop open with a new
window with everything on there which is
super duper awesome. So this is the
entire uh repo that we just cloned from
that starter template which is super
duper awesome. Uh this is this saves so
much time and I use this stack quite a
bit and we can already see I already
have my cloud MD rules files. I have
everything in here. So the next thing
we're going to go ahead and do is just
get started by installing all the
packages. So I'm going to do run install
and now it's just going to install
everything. So we got our repo all set
up. Now check this out. Most tutorials
will have you fumbling around with Oth
for hours, right? But watch how stupid
fast Clerks makes this. It's actually
insane. With Clerk, um, we're we're
going to go ahead and do once you're
already signed up and create an account,
the next thing you want to go ahead and
do is just hit where it says create
application. So create application will
create our new app. Uh, three commas,
just the default, email, and Google.
Create application. This is really,
really cool. So, Clerk has this
integration guide and they have these
keys here that you want to go ahead and
copy. So, these are the keys that we're
going to put into our environment
variables. And these are the keys that
we need so that we can go ahead and log
in. We're going to go ahead and
configure uh the thing that we need for
convex. And so, in the JWT templates,
we're just going to go ahead and say add
new template. Actually, we just go to
the template here. We're going to select
convex. Convex is set up. We hit save.
Shazam. Just like that. We're pretty
much almost done. We have uh the front
end API. So, this comes from the JWT
template from the clerk dashboard. And
so, this is basically what we're seeing
here. So, it says convex and we're going
to go ahead and copy that and put that
into this area here. And boom. Just like
that, off is done. Google signin, JWT
tokens, and all that good stuff. Now,
normally you'd be looking at another few
days just to get Stripe working, but
here's the sauce. Clerk has Stripe built
right in. Watch this. It's crazy. So now
that we have this set up, the next thing
that we probably want to get set up is
going to be the configuration for the
subscriptions. So this is actually us
configuring Stripe so that we can
actually start collecting money for
billing and everything. Uh so we're
billing is going to be included inside
of Clerk, which is really really great.
Clerk's going to handle all the billing
web hook type of things and all we have
to do is kind of create our plan and
we're just going to go ahead and add a
plan. We're going to call it uh
I'm rich.
The base monthly fee is going to be 420.
And yeah, we're going to hit save. Cool.
Next thing we have to do is just enable
billing. So, we're just going to enable
billing. So, building is enabled. Just
like that, we have billing. So, I know
you haven't seen anything yet, but this
type of setup is probably like the the
groundwork we need to do before we start
putting all the other values in. Now
that we have the the building set up,
clerk is not going to complain about
anything else except for I think our web
hook URL. So in here we have um we don't
have convex initiated yet which I'm
going to do next. We have these keys
here and then we're going to need the
web hook secret. So the web hook secret
we are going to need from convex is
going to be here on the side. Just go to
where it says web hooks and then from
there
we're going to go ahead and hit add
endpoints. So, we're going to need the
endpoint URL from Convex. Okay, so
here's what blew my mind about Convex.
It's not just another database. You know
what I mean? It's literally your entire
backend. You write TypeScript and Comx
just handles all the API stuff. Keeps
everyone's data in sync automatically
and there's no more writing CRUD
operations for the millionth time. Let
me show you how fire this is. I'm just
going to create the project and call it
three commas.
Hit create. Once you create the project,
you're just going to go to once again uh
where it says settings and then we're
going to go to where it says project
settings. And then from here, we're just
going to go to where it says um lost
project and then run this invocation
here. So, we're going to hit copy and
then once you do that, you should be
able to kind of basically pull that
configuration in from convex. And it's
going to just basically link the two
together.
Boom.
All right. Just like that. Now, we have
everything set up with convex. And we
need to do one more thing which is
basically grabbing the next public
frontend API URL. So if we go ahead and
option click that what happens is the
browser is going to open up and it's
going to take us right to that
environment variable. So clerk itself
has environment variables that we can
use. So in order for us to do get this
clerk frontend API URL, we're going to
go ahead and grab this from
let's see the JWT template. And so the
JWT template that we set up earlier in
clerk will have this here and this is
the issuer. So we're going to go ahead
and grab this guy and then we're going
to go into the environment variables and
we're going to paste that in here. So
now clerk is happy. So we put the keys
in here and then you see that clerk
basically already put in our keys cuz we
ran that like hey I lost my type of
thing the the local files here and it
grabbed it for us. And then it even
grabbed the front end uh API URL that we
were talking about here from um this
type of thing. So we can kind of see
that there it already grabbed it and
pulled it in and put it into environment
variable automatically. So that's the
advantage of running the uh bunx convex
dev command and you can just leave it
running. Convex will just keep grabbing
and updating things and running its
processes. And this is why it's pretty
much our favorite stack right now. The
only thing we're missing now is a clerk
web hook secret. All right, so web
hooks. This is usually where everything
goes sideways, right? You miss one
little config and your payments are
broken. But watch how convex and clerk
handle this for you. It's actually wild.
We're going to use the HTTP actions URL.
And so this URL is the one that we want
to go ahead and copy. And this is the
actual what they call like the site URL.
So our web hooks that come from Convex,
Stripe, or anything like that, we'll
have to hit this. The nice thing about
Stripe integration with Clerk is that
they're handling the web hooks on that
end. So uh we don't have to listen for
them. We just have to listen to Clerk.
And so in order to do that, we're just
going to go ahead and copy this type of
thing here. And then we're going to go
ahead and get our web hook secret key.
So to get the secret key and everything,
we go back to clerk and then in clerk,
we're going to go down to where it says
web hooks. And then in this endpoint,
remember we said add endpoint. I'm going
to go ahead and paste this in here. And
then we're going to do slash and then I
want to show you where this actual code
is so that we can put in the endpoint
URL that it's expecting. And convex has
a thing here because all of our code's
on the back end slash web hook URL. So
that's actually the path it's going to
hit. So, it's going to talk to this guy.
And then there's an extra slash here.
So, I'm going to go ahead and remove
that. So, it should just be like where
it says and make sure it says site. So,
that's how you know you're at the right
place. And so, in clerk, we're going to
go back here. And so, we're going to
want users created, all of the user one,
and then payment
attempt updated. So, all we need is
payment update attempt updated. We're
going to go ahead and hit create. And
once we create this, um, we now have
like a live web hook that's currently
going to be talking to it. The next step
that we need to do is grab this thing
called the signing secret, which is
currently right here. And I'm just going
to copy it. So that way, wherever we're
running the code, I'm going to go back
to my three commas project. And then in
the settings here, we're going to go
ahead and go to environment variables
and we're going to add an environment
variable. We're going to paste that
secret in here. It's called clerk web
hook secret. So I'm going to paste that
here. And so that way we have that. So
in convex it now has the run-in URL and
now it knows about the secret. So that
way when clerk starts to send over the
events, we know that it's coming
directly from my clerk instance and not
your clerk instance or not anyone else
from anyone in the world. If anyone else
is sending it to this specific endpoint,
it's going to drop it because it doesn't
have that secret. We're going to hit
save. So now that this is currently
running, I'm just going to go ahead and,
you know, open a new terminal window by
going like this. And I'm just going to
do bunddev. And so we should now
basically be able to get our website to
load up at localhost 3000. So we're just
going to do that. And
shazam, there we are. This is the
landing page from that template that has
those types of components in. And now we
rich 420 rich. So let's go ahead and hit
get started. and I should be able to
basically log in. And so when I log in
here, uh I'm going to just like show you
like my 5 million Gmail accounts that I
have in every single starter template
and things. Uh I'm going to go ahead and
select this guy and then we should be
able to cook with this account. So now
we basically have the whole kit set up
with the template. We got clerk set up.
We got the stripe set up with the
configurations. The web hooks are all
listening to each other. I'm able to log
in and so we have this whole fully
functional app. This is clerk billing.
And so we're just going to go boom,
payment successful. You hit continue.
Just like that. Now we can access the
payment gated features. So the page with
advanced features is here. And then
we're even seeing it down here. It's
saying, "Hey, everything is running."
And then even the back end is like,
"Hey, cool. We're good here, too." And
so let's go ahead and check what's
happening on the actual Convex database.
So we go to data here. We should be able
to see now we have uh a payment charge
type through checkout. We see the actual
invoice ID in here. where we see like
the payer with my email and so forth,
the payment source, whatever you want to
collect, you can pretty much collect in
here. And it even tells us what
subscription they signed up for, the 420
plan cuz this boy rich. So, Clerk
provides um this type of overview as
well. So, for my app, we can see that
Ray Fernando signed in. We can see the
subscriptions of like how many people
have signed up. So, instead of going to
Stripe and managing that dashboard,
that's basically done within Clerk. And
then what's cool about this type of
thing, I don't know if you know this,
but whenever you want to configure,
let's just say like I wanted to do
something else instead of sign in with
Google. Um, that type of stuff is really
easy to do. So that's just SSO
connections. We just say add connections
for all users. And then we're just going
to say instead of Google, I also want to
have the Apple connection, too. So let's
just go ahead and add that. Boom. Now
it's currently added. We also have dark
mode as well. This this whole thing is
like fully fleshed out. That boy cooked.
And it's crazy how fast that we can get
set up with this. I know this sounds
like a ad. I've been using Clerk since
like I don't know like a a year plus or
something like that and I love them so
much. It was just like the easiest way
to configure and Convex is the same
thing, right? Their tooling at Convex
and Clerk and this none of this stuff is
sponsored. I I love this stack so much
and I use it all the time. If you start
with this type of base template, it's
already configured for you there. I
don't know like it takes a very long
time to set up and everything like that.
Here it is for free. Like the dude made
it for free. Yo, let's just take a
second here. We literally just went from
nothing to a fully functional SAS that
can accept real money in 10 minutes.
We're talking about real user O with
Google Signin, Stripe subscriptions that
are all managed for you and a real-time
database that just syncs everything
automatically and web hooks that
actually work. Bro, this would normally
take you about 2 to 3 weeks minimum if
you're grinding solo. And that's if
nothing breaks, which you know how that
goes, right? The template is in a link
down in the description and it's
completely free. By the way, I'm not
gatekeeping any of this and I literally
use this exact stack for everything I
know. It saved me hundreds of hours and
I hope it could do the same for you. If
y'all want to see me actually build
something real on top of this, like a
proper product, drop it in the comments.
I'm down to cook something up live with
y'all. And look, if this helped you out,
hit that subscribe button cuz I'll be
dropping more speedrun content every
week and we're all trying to hit that
three comic club right now. Stop
watching YouTube and go build your SAS.
You literally have no excuse now. The
template's right there. Let's go.